ASIA-leafwise-ML-Bootcamp/readme.md, before:

# Leafwise Machine Learning Bootcamp: Agentic Retrieval Systems with Qdrant

I was invited by the ASIA ESSAI Club at UIK University to lead this 🌿 Leafwise Machine Learning Bootcamp session on agentic retrieval systems with Qdrant. During the workshop we will cover:
- Motivation to use RAG
- RAG components
- Vector stores deep dive
- Integrating retrieval with Qdrant
- Building a basic RAG pipeline
- What makes an AI an agent?
- Agentic RAG patterns
- Live demo
- Advanced RAG techniques

## Session Highlights
- Understand the evolution from basic RAG to agentic retrieval workflows.
- Discover how Qdrant powers scalable, high-performance vector search in production.
- See how to orchestrate tool use, memory for robust agents.

## Notebooks To Explore
Take a look at the reference notebooks from our other workshops to prepare and follow along:
- [Basic RAG Pipeline Notebook](https://github.com/Goodnight77/My_Workshops/blob/main/Intro-RAG-Data-Overflow/basic_rag_dataflow.ipynb) [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/133FQCGqZKXWrFe4RYDJIjW-ST9P78AH1?usp=sharing)
– foundational retrieval-augmented generation workflow.
- [Agentic RAG with Qdrant Notebook](https://github.com/Goodnight77/My_Workshops/blob/main/AI-odyssey-Dione-hackathon/Smollgents_with_Qdrant.ipynb) – demonstrates multi-step agent behaviors with Qdrant as a vectorstore.

Commit message:

Update workshop resources and add slides links

ASIA-leafwise-ML-Bootcamp/readme.md, after:

# Leafwise Machine Learning Bootcamp: Agentic Retrieval Systems with Qdrant

I was invited by the ASIA ESSAI Club at UIK University to lead this 🌿 Leafwise Machine Learning Bootcamp session on agentic retrieval systems with Qdrant. During the workshop we will cover:
- Motivation to use RAG
- RAG components
- Vector stores deep dive
- Integrating retrieval with Qdrant
- Building a basic RAG pipeline
- What makes an AI an agent?
- Agentic RAG patterns
- Live demo
- Advanced RAG techniques

## Session Highlights
- Understand the evolution from basic RAG to agentic retrieval workflows.
- Discover how Qdrant powers scalable, high-performance vector search in production.
- See how to orchestrate tool use, memory for robust agents.

## Slides
- Slides for the session are available at [Agentic Retrieval Systems with Qdrant](https://mohamedarbinsibi.onrender.com/talks/agentic-retrieval-systems-with-qdrant/).

## Notebooks To Explore
Take a look at the reference notebooks from our other workshops to prepare and follow along:
- [Basic RAG Pipeline Notebook](https://github.com/Goodnight77/My_Workshops/blob/main/Intro-RAG-Data-Overflow/basic_rag_dataflow.ipynb) [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/133FQCGqZKXWrFe4RYDJIjW-ST9P78AH1?usp=sharing)
– foundational retrieval-augmented generation workflow.
- [Agentic RAG with Qdrant Notebook](https://github.com/Goodnight77/My_Workshops/blob/main/AI-odyssey-Dione-hackathon/Smollgents_with_Qdrant.ipynb) – demonstrates multi-step agent behaviors with Qdrant as a vectorstore.
